{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SourceCodePro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 		Welcome to the Lexical-Density #RULES page.\
\
Which section would you like to see?\
1) Introduction\
2) Gameplay\
3) Winning\
4) Saving\
5) Exit\
\
\
\
1) INTRODUCTION\
\
The goal of the game is to put as many words on the board as possible. \
Playing is easy, if you know how to play Bananagrams and/or Scrabble, \
than you should have no problems playing this game. However, to win you \
will need to think outside the box (or /inside/ the box in this case). \
The goal of the game is to place as many words as possible in the \
smallest area possible, using letters as efficiently as possible. \
\
\
2) GAME PLAY\
\
Every turn you will be given letters up the up to the size of your \
board. From these you must pick those you wish to place on the board. On \
the first turn, your word must intersect the starting character '@'. On \
every subsequent turn your word must intersect some portion of the what \
is already on the board. Words may overlap, be lengthened and can even \
be overwritten. Be careful though, you the total number of letters you \
get is equal to the number of spots on your board.\
\
When playing words, you must specify:\
- The WORD with quotes (" or ')\
- The COLUMN (A,B,C,D,..etc.)\
- The ROW number\
- What AXIS you want your letters placed on (X or Y)\
\
If you are stuck you also have the option to #TRASH letters that you \
can't use. \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 3) WINNING\
\
At the end of play the number of correctly spelled words on the board \
will be tallied and scored according to the per letter point-values of \
Scrabble. Incorrectly spelled words will be subtracted from this score. \
You word-score will then by your by the area of the board (hence the \
name "Lexical-Density").\
\
When calculating the Lexical-Density of the board, any adjacent sequence \
of letters will be counted as a word. All 'words' will be checked \
against the SOWPODS dictionary, so regular Scrabble rules apply in terms \
of word choice.\
\
4) SAVING\
\
You may #SAVE your game at anytime. Players using a specified 'tag' are \
able to save multiple completed games, and will be able to see pertinent \
statistics across them.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
}